RD-1468 Blueprint labels docs (#1787)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/developer/blueprints/spec-labels.md

---
layout: bt_wiki
title: Labels
category: Blueprints
draft: false
weight: 600
aliases: /blueprints/spec-labels/
---

> `labels` are useful for automatically attach labels to each deployment that is deployed from the blueprint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`labels` are used to tag the deployment object generated from the blueprint (unlike `blueprint-labels` which tag the blueprint object itself)
`labels` are useful for automatically attaching labels to each deployment that is deployed from the blueprint. 
```

Author: Thanks, changed.
